ok so it's about the bird
guys I thought a sack Oh guys what are
you dear off not nevermind forget oh
there isn't here fire why did you do
that are you an idiot do you couldn't
quit coping 360 noscope we should go
beside the other hunters and just do
this oh oh my god going on go kill it
whoa white white girl around by the rack
oh I killed it I got it I can't move my
head okay oh you can't scare the deer
way guy you think you want to kill a
deer or not oh my god vandy bomb right
now I'm in sub-saharan Africa looking
for a cheetah drink you shoot your gun I
swear I will never talk to you again try
to find it because of a deer game yes
hey what's a bear how do you get it je
t'aime does a bear oh my god we need to
get out of here if I see a bear I'm
Swift god I'm tripping BMX and running
hey does a bear killed Ian uh-oh it was
eat honey bitch if there is a bear if we
do get mauled by a bear before we get
mauled by layer I want to stand in front
of you guys and says that one of the
bear has something to say to our kick if
a bear comes after you you're supposed
to pee on it gonna be buck is gonna take
the time to take other fucking teenage
bear it's coming and fucking wafer know
if you pee on it then I'll slaughter
honey on your penis I love how serious
we're taking this shit and I hard work
went to nothing hard work we're just
walking oh yeah I do you is holy river w
there's a lot of butterflies I mean it's
getting nest and just catch those
instead or shoot up sorry have to pay
fifty dollars for the net deal see this
is the most fun I've had it on the
toilet we're going down i hope you guys
trick and snap your neck i forget i
leave playing this again IM cape walk
and we don't know but this feels like
very very repetitive oh no shit don't
let you know that awesome i take that
back i take that back did you roll
direction we should place you each other
until we all die yes volunteers tribute
you should all start on my piglet nope
how much wait what do I advantage of
kink you know we should do we should
have one person to stand still good
enough said okay how do you tight I
wanted to play I'm going no bad guys
Oh